(Ai)
Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh!
VRAINS...
(Kolter)
Playmaker, I ID'ed
the guy chasing you.
His name's The Shepherd,
and he's bad news.
(Zaizen)
Listen Emma,
I need you to find
the whereabouts
of all the Ignis.
I know where two of them are--
with Playmaker and Soulburner.
But as for
the remaining four...
That's where you come in.
We're all clear.
(Ghost Gal)
Heyyyyy.
So, what's the deal
with the new updated look there?
I didn't come here
to entertain anyone,
I'm here on a mission.
Time to Speed Duel!
I'm Link Summoning...
Link 3 SHOOTINGCODE TALKER!
(Shootingcode Talker grunts)
(Shepherd)
I activate my facedown card!
CAPTURE DRONE!
So your SHOOTINGCODE TALKER
is rendered less than useless!
What?
(Shepherd)
I Link Summon!
Link 3...
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL!
Aww glitch!
I thought we had
victory in our sights,
but now I'm seeing
he's got us in his!
This isn't looking too good.
The Shepherd has
the strongest monster in play
while Playmaker's
is all chained up.
Playmaker...
I activate BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's
special ability to recommission
a DRONE from my graveyard
and summon it next
to my GENERAL's link.
Rise, DRONE PAWN!
Next, I activate the spell...
DRONE LAUNCHER UNIT
and equip it on
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL.
It protects my GENERAL
from being targeted
by any of your effects
or special abilities.
(Ai)
Whaaaat?
So the only way to destroy
your jet is to attack it?
But our monsters
aren't strong enough.
Imagine that.
I'm trying to counter you.
That's why this is
called Duel Monsters
and not Solitaire Monsters.
(Ai)
Whatever, dad.
(Shepherd)
And with DRONE LAUNCHER UNIT's
additional effect,
you take 100 points of damage
for every Link Arrow in play.
Whaaaaaat?
That's 3, 4, 5, 6, 7... 6.
Yeah! Six arrows!
I saw you put one finger
back down.
Or did you?
(Shepherd)
Just because you miscounted
doesn't change the fact
that there are still seven
Link Arrows.
Huh? Oh yeah...
(Shepherd)
You take 700 points of damage!
(Playmaker groans)
Just in case,
I'll place this card facedown...
But you're about to find out
I already have everything
I need to win this duel.
By activating
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's
second ability,
one of my other DRONES
with 1,000 or lower attack
points can attack you directly.
Fire, DRONE PAWN!
(Playmaker groans)
And whenever my DRONE
successfully attacks you
directly,
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL allows me
to tribute that DRONE
to deal you damage
equal to its attack points.
That's another 600
points of damage.
But that's only part one.
BATTLEDRONE SERGEANT
is also allowed
to attack you directly.
(explosion pounds)
(Playmaker groans)
(computer calculating)
(Shepherd)
And like before,
I can tribute my SERGEANT
to deal you
800 points of damage.
(explosion booms)
(Playmaker groans)
(computer calculating)
(Ai)
We're already down to 12.5%
of our starting life points?
Oh, now you can count.
But with my
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's
final attack on your
CLOCK WYVERN,
I'll do the math for you.
(Ai whimpers)
(Shepherd)
It will drop to zero!
I activate my trap card
CURE CONVERSION!
By tributing my CLOCK WYVERN,
I can immediately force
this battle to end.
Then I draw one card,
and if it happens
to be a monster card,
I regain life points equal
to its attack points.
(Playmaker groans)
It appears that I was successful
in drawing a monster card.
(Ai)
Woohoo!
Presenting CYBERSE WIZARD!
That's 1,800 life points
straight into the bank!
(Shepherd)
Are you sure
that's what you wanted?
Why not?
Because now you have
too many life points
to activate your Skill.
Y-Yeah,
but we don't need it!
Wrong.
Your Skill's the only chance
of saving your hide.
Without it, I predict
I'll defeat you in two turns,
and I'm always right.
We'll see about that.
(Shepherd snaps fingers)
One.
I draw!
I activate my spell,
CYBERSE BRIDGE!
By discarding a Cyberse monster
in my hand to the graveyard,
I can move the monster
in my Extra Monster Zone
to my Main Monster Zone.
So I send my CYBERSE WIZARD
to the graveyard
to reposition
my SHOOTINGCODE TALKER.
Then I draw another card,
and if it's a monster,
I can revive a Cyberse
from my graveyard
that has the same Level
as the monster I drew.
So you're hoping to
get lucky, huh?
You must be desperate.
(Playmaker)
Perhaps.
But that doesn't make it
the wrong move.
This BITROOPER is Level 4,
just like my CLOCK WYVERN!
(Clock Wyvern growls)
Next, by cutting its
attack points in half,
CLOCK WYVERN can summon
a CLOCK TOKEN
to the field
in attack mode.
And I'll use them...
to then create my circuit!
I set CLOCK WYVERN
and CLOCK TOKEN
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 CYBERSE WITCH!
(Playmaker)
I Link Summon!
Link 2 CYBERSE WITCH!
Next, I'm able to summon
BITROOPER from my hand
by discarding my
TRASH HACKER to the graveyard.
(Shepherd)
So... you now have two
Link Monsters
and that third...
thing.
But as long as I have
CAPTURE DRONE on my field,
your Link Monsters can't attack.
I can see how that
would be a problem for me...
if I didn't
already have a solution.
Since I summoned a monster
next to CYBERSE WITCH's link,
her ability lets me
add CYNET RITUAL
and a Cyberse Ritual Monster
from my deck to my hand...
by banishing a spell
from my graveyard.
Ritual cards?
My CYBERSE WITCH's
ability also resummons
a CYBERSE monster
from my graveyard.
I'm bringing back...
CYBERSE WIZARD!
(Cyberse Wizard groans)
I activate...
my Ritual Spell Card,
CYNET RITUAL!
To complete this ritual,
I must tribute monsters
from my hand
or my field whose total Level
equals or exceeds the monster
I intend to summon,
so I tribute my Level 4
CYBERSE WIZARD and BITROOPER!
Together,
their Levels add up to 8--
which is more than I require!
These two souls
offer their essence
to break the barriers
of reality
and conjure the ultimate
sorcerer to this realm!
I Ritual Summon...
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
(Cyberse Magician groans)
CYBERSE MAGICIAN's a
Ritual Monster,
not a Link Monster.
So your CAPTURE DRONE
can't stop it from attackin'!
(Playmaker)
I place one card facedown.
Now CYBERSE MAGICIAN,
attack BATTLEDRONE GENERAL!
And by banishing
TRASH HACKER
from my graveyard...
it negates your BATTLEDRONE
GENERAL's special abilities!
In addition, your GENERAL
can no longer be destroyed
in battle this turn.
But in exchange, the damage
you take will be doubled!
(Shepherd grunts)
(Playmaker)
And I will maximize that damage!
When CYBERSE MAGICIAN
battles a Link Monster,
he gains 1,000 attack points!
Hope you're not super fond
o' your life points,
‘cause you're gonna lose
more than half of ‘em
when we blast ya!
You wish.
I activate DEMOLITION DRONE!
By tributing one of the DRONES
I have on my field,
this trap card cuts
the damage I take in half.
So I'll retire
my BATTLEDRONE GENERAL,
along with
its DRONE LAUNCHER UNIT.
(Ai)
Whaaaat?
You got rid of
your best monster?
Of course--
because the only thing
that matters is
what's best for me.
Every card I have is
expendable,
as long as it works
to my advantage.
(Playmaker)
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
Cyber Magic Attack!
(explosion roars)
(computer calculating)
Well, he saved himself
a few life points,
but if he thinks
that was worth it, well...
I don't see it.
And I got 20/20 hindsight.
What matters is that
he thought it was worth it.
So we have to be careful.
(Ai screams)
(Ai)
You call this careful?
Are you still following me?
Because all you're doing
is following me to your demise.
(Shepherd)
It's my turn.
(snaps fingers)
I draw!
My CAPTURE DRONE activates,
summoning three DRONE
TOKENS to my field.
And I'll use these DRONES
to re-forge my circuit!
I set one DRONE TOKEN
in the Link Arrow.
I Link Summon...
Link 1 BATTLEDRONE SERGEANT!
And I'll set the
other two DRONE TOKENS
in the Link Arrows
to Link Summon again!
I Link Summon
Link 2 MEDICDRONE DOCK!
Next, I activate
the Equip Spell ASSEMBLE DRONE!
By equipping it on a DRONE
Link Monster in my graveyard,
I can resummon it to the field!
Return to the front lines,
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL!
ASSEMBLE DRONE also raises
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL's
attack points by 500.
Aww, I thought that glider
was gone for good.
(Shepherd)
You thought wrong.
And BATTLEDRONE GENERAL
uses its special ability
again to resummon
DRONE PAWN next to its link.
But while my DRONE PAWN
is in play,
my BATTLEDRONE GENERAL
can't attack you.
Phew-- that's good.
I thought he was gonna paint
our plaster for a sec!
No, it's not good at all--
did you already forget
what happened last turn?
(Ai)
That was like
ten minutes ago!
Then it's my pleasure
to remind you
that my GENERAL's ability
allows DRONE PAWN
to attack you directly.
(Playmaker)
But CYBERSE MAGICIAN
cuts the damage
I take in half!
(Playmaker groans)
(computer calculating)
And once again,
BATTLEDRONE GENERAL
lets me tribute
my DRONE PAWN
to deal you damage
equal to its attack points.
(Playmaker)
You may be using
the same move as before,
but the difference this time
is that CYBERSE MAGICIAN
is there to protect
half my life points.
(Playmaker groans)
(Shepherd)
So instead of losing quickly,
you want to drip feed
your demise.
Fine--
it doesn't matter to me.
BATTLEDRONE SERGEANT,
attack Playmaker directly!
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
Do your laser gazer thing again!
(explosion booms)
(computer calculating)
(Shepherd)
I tribute BATTLEDRONE SERGEANT
to deal you
even more damage!
(Playmaker groans)
Your new moves
are keeping you alive,
but they're not enough
to save you.
Not when I have
new tricks of my own.
I activate my Skill,
Drone Force!
Your monster loses 200 attack
points for every DRONE card
in my graveyard
until the end of this turn.
But he has like...
two DRONES!
(Shepherd)
If you meant five,
you'd be right.
(Ai whimpers)
(Shepherd)
Your CYBERSE MAGICIAN
loses 1,000 attack points,
and those points are transferred
to BATTLEDRONE GENERAL!
And since DRONE PAWN
is no longer on my field,
BATTLEDDONE GENERAL is free
to attack!
Take out CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
Not so fast.
When my MAGICIAN battles
a Link Monster, he gains
1,000 additional attack points!
So what? He's still
weaker than my monster!
At least dull the damage
CYBERSE MAGICIAN!
(Playmaker groans)
(Shepherd)
You're down to 200 life points.
And when MEDICDRONE DOCK
finishes off
CYBERSE WITCH,
you'll be down to zero!
Aww glitch!
I'm now activating
the trap card
EXCESS LESSER LINKER!
Since my CYBERSE WITCH
is only Link 2,
her attack points
become the same
as the monster
she's battling!
(explosion booms)
That was close!
Well, I said you'd lose
in two turns--
but you're still here...
And I'm usually never wrong.
(Ai)
Well you're wrong
about that too.
Since this duel
is going to continue....
When my MEDICDRONE DOCK
is destroyed,
we gain 1,000 life points,
including you.
(Playmaker gasps)
What's wrong?
Don't like my gift?
Nah, we're good!
You can keep
those life points!
Cuz we didn't
bring you anything,
not even a coffee cake.
We have too many life points
again to use our Skill!
Don't feel too bad.
Feel proud that I'll defeat you
in three turns instead of two.
That's if you can get to
three turns cause me
and my partner
are done messin' aroun,
and that's no lie--
trust me!
Why would I
ever trust an AI?
(Kenneth)
And now for my surprise...
(Kenneth's Mother)
Oh no, please
tell me you didn't.
(Kenneth snaps fingers)
(Kenneth's Mother gasps)
Happy Birthday, Mom!
(Kenneth's mother laughs)
(Kenneth's Mother)
Only one candle?
Where are the other 63?
(Kenneth laughs)
It was so sweet of you
to treat me to dinner,
but you should be
saving every penny.
My finances are fine.
Besides, they keep me
so busy at the office these days
that I don't have time
to spend money on anything.
Except, that is,
for an occasional night out
with the greatest mom
of all time!
Oh, sweetheart!
(Taxi's AI)
Greetings.
Uh, dear--
this car's missing
something pretty important,
like a driver.
(Kenneth chuckles)
Who needs a driver
when you can have
the most advanced AI
do the driving for you.
Take us to 132 Clairmont
Street please.
(Taxi's AI)
Destination acknowledged.
You know what?
If I can save up enough,
next year I'm gonna get you
one of those new
AI house-bots
for your birthday.
I can dust
my own house, thanks.
Leave all that grunt
work for the AIs, Mom!
You can get out
and enjoy life!
But I enjoy cleaning!
Uh-oh.
That looks serious.
(Taxi's AI)
Collision ahead.
Re-calculating route...
Oh no!
Something's not right.
The AI's malfunctioning.
No! How do you stop
this thing?!
Brace yourself Mom!
(explosion roars)
(Doctor)
There's no easy way to put this.
Your mother is
in very bad shape.
We've done everything
we possibly can for her...
but I'm afraid she
may never fully recover.
I'm sorry.
(Kenneth growls)
(Superior Officer A)
Doesn't this guy ever sleep?
(Superior Officer B)
No, he's been working 25-8
ever since he joined the squad.
He's tracked and deleted
more rogue AIs
than all the rest of us
put together!
The world would be
a far better place
if AIs never
existed!
Huh?
(Ai)
What's with this guy?
It's like I wronged him
personally
when I wrong
everyone equally!
It's our turn, Ai.
Well...
just make sure
it's not our last one.
I draw!
Draw whatever you want.
One card won't change
the outcome of this duel.
You're absolutely right.
(Shepherd grunts)
That's why I'm using
more than one card!
I activate DIMENSION LINK!
By paying half
of my life points,
I am then allowed to banish
my SHOOTINGCODE TALKER.
Since your CAPTURE DRONE
is no longer chaining up
my SHOOTINGCODE TALKER,
your card is destroyed!
And without CAPTURE DRONE
to stop us,
our Link Monsters are
allowed to attack ya!
Not if I play my trap
card DRONE CORDON!
It prevents your Link Monsters
from attacking once again.
Looks like you two
are back to square one.
(Ai)
Aww-- that's the
worst square to be in!
But since I lowered
my life points,
I can finally use my Skill!
(Playmaker shouts)
(Ai)
Seize the wind, Playmaker!
All right it's time!
Go Storm Access!
I'm now activating
CYNET RITUAL's effect
from my graveyard!
When I have no monsters
on my field,
I can banish
CYNET RITUAL
and CYBERSE MAGICIAN
to summon two CYNET TOKENS!
And I'll use them
to create the ultimate circuit!
The summoning conditions are
two Cyberse Monsters.
I Link Summon!
Link 2 CLOCK SPARTOI!
When SPARTOI
is successfully Link Summoned,
I'm then allowed to add
CYNET FUSION to my hand.
Next I send my spell card
DIMENSION LINK from the field
to the graveyard.
And by doing this...
I can negate
the special abilities
of the SHOOTINGCODE TALKER
I banished
and raise
its attack points by 600
to resummon it next to
CLOCK SPARTOI's link!
This bad boy's strong enough
to take out your GENERAL!
But my DRONE CORDON
won't let your Link
Monster attack.
I never said
that it would attack.
Instead, I'm activating
CLOCK SPARTOI's
special ability to summon
a Cyberse from my graveyard
next to its link!
Come out, CLOCK WYVERN!
(Clock Wyvern growls)
And I'll use this to unite them!
(gasps) No...
I now activate the spell card
CYNET FUSION!
It allows me to fuse my
three monsters together into one
so that I may summon a new
Cyberse Fusion Monster!
I fuse CLOCK WYVERN,
SHOOTINGCODE TALKER,
and CLOCK SPARTOI!
(Shepherd grunts)
You're so done for!
(Playmaker)
By fusing my monsters,
I merge them into a new,
even more powerful creation!
I Fusion Summon!
(thunder rumbling)
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
(thunder rumbles)
(Clock Dragon growls)
(Shepherd gasps)
CLOCK DRAGON's
special ability activates!
Since I used two Link Monsters--
CLOCK SPARTOI and
SHOOTINGCODE TALKER--
to Fusion Summon my DRAGON,
I send a card
from the top of my deck
to the graveyard
for each of their Link Arrows.
(Ai)
So down down right
plus top left down equals 5!
(Playmaker)
Therefore, I send
five cards to the graveyard.
But my CLOCK DRAGON
gains 1,000 attack
points for each one!
(Clock Dragon screeches)
This is impossible...
(Playmaker)
It's not only possible...
(Shepherd gasps)
...it's actually happening.
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON,
attack BATTLEDRONE GENERAL!
(Ai)
And when CLOCK DRAGON strikes,
your time's up, pal!
(magic fire charging)
This is far
from over, Playmaker.
(computer calculating)
That may be so Shepherd,
but for now, it is.